People call me a genius scientist or...
a weirdo
Isn't it interesting?
Whether this will be poison
or medicine is up to me
Should I start?
There is no password that cannot be cracked
For me at least
System hacking
Complete!
There are two types of music in the world
Good music
and bad music
Whichever it is
isn't it nice to be remembered?
If the basics are solid
the road will naturally open
The road is definitely in here
Found it
I like pretty and shiny things
That's why
I like you
All fates
were determined from the day
the universe was first formed
You can't change your destiny
but I can help
I don't even start if it's
not going to be perfect
If I do something, I do it properly
Wanna come along?
Okay cut!
Let's go!
Looks good on you! Everyone looks good!
-Well done
-Let's go home now
Yeah, let's go, let's go
You look awesome!
Jin!
JK!
Jimin!